From Heaven
- Was he fired?
He told me to fire you.
What's wrong?
Dad, are you okay?
I've looked for him three times.
I almost didn't pretend my nephew invited him.
You've accepted for a few days.
You fired him.
Tell me.
Where is he now?
On your knees.
You'll give him to me.
Cut off the morgue.
This is what you did.
I've wanted a snake in your hand my whole life.
What?
General Director Jiang is not good.
River crossing bridge
It's broken, what do you say?
The river crossing is open today.
There are a lot of reporters inside.
There is also a video of the leaders' inauguration.
The river crossing is right here in front of everyone.
It collapsed.
Giang Corporation is finished.
Ignore me.
As Hui Thien, this method was proposed by him, it's impossible.
The Lord had already established himself at that time.
Oh, your partner, Imug, he's Hui Thien.
This method was proposed by him.
Want to find you find him?
There...
From Heaven
It's Ichiki's brother.